For over four years, I talked about how we must be focused on utility-based projects. And in 2025, we started to really put a focus on US-based crypto projects. And even though some of these are not technically US-based because they are decentralized by node territory, but these are still technically in the top made in America category, which of course does include XRP, Salana, and a ton of other, you know, projects. Now, the big ones that I personally have been focused on is like Ono, HAR, Stellar, XRP. I mean there's definitely a few other ones as well like Sooie or Chain Link or even for an example Avalanche or you know there's just so many great projects in this category. Algoran is another one. Um but you know for the most part what happened in the last 24 hours ultimately changed everything for crypto. And I think that especially if you are a US-based investor in crypto, this should really open your eyes to where we are at currently in this space. And I actually did make a ex post regarding this. I did say that we are in the days of crypto that our future children will will read about the events that have happened in 2025 alone will reshape the financial system forever. We are in the beginning stages of blockchain being integrated into the global financial system. every single financial process will eventually move over blockchain and DT. Welcome to the future. Because again, this is exactly where we are at. We are in the beginning phase of the everything cycle. And what exactly is that cycle? It's the fact that it's everything around us moving to digitalbased processes. Forget paperbased processes. They are done. And automation, automation is another big one. And I do think that majority of the retail sector that's avoiding, you know, crypto or not doing their research on what's happening with this tech or even new age tech with like AI, they are going to get completely wiped out. And I truly do mean this. And the reason why I say that is because of automation with AI. It is replacing so many jobs. They even did a prediction on it. Majority of the jobs out there will be fully replaced. So the best way for the retail sector to not get wiped out is to invest in the technologies that are going to be utilized for automation in a huge way. AI needs blockchain. It needs crypto. So we can make sure that we are setting ourselves up in the future by investing into these types of projects. And again, I do think that crypto is a huge piece of this. But on top of that, it's not just about automation. It's not just about crypto. It's also about what's happening around this space with these legitimatebased projects. We have over here from subjective views. We have the new OMFIF's DMI public blockchain working group which is a powerhouse team of experts. They are collaborating this summer with global financial regulators to tackle challenges hindering banks integration with public blockchain infrastructure. Yeah, guess what's crazy about this? This post has 2,000 views only. Isn't that crazy? When we look at this working group, Aptos, Hideera, Ripple, Stellar, I mean three of these projects, Hideera, Ripple, and Stellar. I talk about these three companies all the time on this channel, and it's because of documents like this. We know that Ripple has been working with the OMF for a while now. But if we look at this working group we have on the bottom, this working group will have the opportunity to be a key input for policymakers during a time of dynamic policy formation. Members will be able to assert the robustness of public permissionless infrastructure and highlight their role as safe responsible participants in the transformation of capital markets. The findings of the working group will be published in a report highlighting the policy recommendations and insights formed during the meeting series. Then on the right side we have partners lead on contribution in a final report with key policy recommendations. Participation in meetings with regulators and commercial banks, direct engagement with policy makers on blockchain engagement frameworks. And then here they have the schedule. July through September, the meetings with regulators and commercial banks will happen. Then the 3rd of November, OMFIF virtual report launch. And then November 10th through the 11th, the report launch round table during the Singapore Fintech Festival Insights Forum will also get released. So when we think about these players, right, they are now working with the big names to make sure that this all happens. We even have at the top of this, the OMF is forming a working group to explore the integration of public blockchain systems into the traditional financial system, particularly banks. And this is all because of what's been happening in the US. The momentum is building so much to the point where they have to get behind this. Big banks have to get behind this and they must be prepared. Now, on top of this, here we have from the CFTC chairman Caroline D. Pam, under President Donald Trump's strong leadership, the golden age of crypto is here. When we look at what's happening here, crypto is being celebrated on the federal level. This is the government celebrating crypto. I don't think people realize what phase of this tech we are in right now. We are in the phase where they're no longer ignoring it. They are embracing it. Now we're going into the integration phase which will eventually lead into the utilization phase. And from that point on we simply don't have to do anything. We can sit back while these utility based projects reach their true value. Now on top of this let's take a quick look at what was included in this booklet. Here we have from Hideera. A strong signal from the Trump administration on digital assets, clear rules for the CFTC and SEC support for stable coins and DeFi and meaningful tax updates all in a coordinated roadmap. Hideera welcomes US movement towards thoughtful innovation first regulation. And yes, that's because Hyera is actually included in this document. That is insane. And there are so many big players tied to this as well. The DTCC, the World Bank, Clearstream, you name it. And what's even crazier about all of this, right, is Ripple's also included. We could see Ripple here. This is the first one. And then we could also see Ono as well. Ono's included in here. Tokenization was talked about in a huge way. You guys can even see Ono, you know, being focused on here around the tokenization process. There was a lot of great projects mentioned within this document. And I want you guys to understand that we are at that point in time where it's no longer, you know, a decision to sit back and just not do any research. Now is the best time to start reading about this technology, studying it, and understanding it because this is going to be the technology that's behind every single thing around finance, around buying a home, you know, even I mean, I truly do think that every single market out there is going to be on blockchain and DT. It's all moving on chain. And it's not just me who thinks this. In fact, the chairman of the SEC, Paul Atkins, just flipped the switch. Welcome Project Crypto. A clearer path to taking shape for builders, investors, and innovators. Now's the time to engage, contribute, and help shape what's what comes next. This is from the SEC. What a change in scenery. American leadership in the digital finance revolution. Now, we do have this full video. Ono actually released it. We have today SEC chair Paul Atkins announced project crypto in a landmark speech. A bold initiative to modernize US securities regulation for the blockchain era. His vision charts a clear path forward, one that embraces tokenized securities, stable coins, and cryptonnative infrastructure as core components of American capital markets. He acknowledged what many in the industry have long experienced. US regulatory ambiguity pushed innovation offshore, leaving both entrepreneurs and investors behind. But the momentum behind tokenization is undeniable. Firms from household names on Wall Street to unicorn tech companies in Silicon Valley are lined up at our doors with requests to tokenize. Today's message is unambiguous. The US must lead in tokenized finance, not follow. At we've long believed that real world assets onchain are not a niche innovation. They are the future operating system of global markets. Project Crypto proposes laying a framework for modernizing markets. Regulatory clarity around tokenized stocks, bonds, and other securities. Support for compliant crypto asset distributions, including ICOs and airdrops. Modernized custody rules. Reaffirming the right to self-custody. A vision for super apps that unify crypto services under one regulatory umbrella. Innovation exemptions to bring breakthrough technologies to market faster. Legacy frameworks have excluded US investors from innovation. And project crypto promises the opposite. A future where American capital formation happens onchain and US markets lead. We are encouraged by Chairman Atkins vision and committed to building the infrastructure that will power America's tokenized economy. Check out this video. The president said last week that he wants quote the entire world running on the backbone of American technology. So I stand ready to help get that job done. That's why I'm launching Project Crypto and directing the SEC's policy divisions to work with a crypto task force led by Commissioner Pur to swiftly develop proposals to implement the PWG's direct recommendations. Project Crypto will help ensure that the United States remains the best place in the world to start a business, develop cutting edge technology, and participate in capital markets. We will reshore the crypto businesses that fled our country, particularly those that were crippled by the previous administration's regulation by enforcement crusade and operation checkpoint 2.0. Whether an incumbent or a new entrant, the SEC welcomes all market participants who are hungry to innovate. So, in accord with uh PWG's uh PWG reports recommendations, I've directed the commission staff to draft clear and simple rules of the road for crypto asset distributions, custody, and trading for public notice and comment. While the commission staff works to finalize these regulations, the commission and its staff will in the coming months consider using interpretative, exemptive, and other authorities to make sure that archaic rules and regulations do not smother innovation and entrepreneurship in America. Many of the commission's legacy rules and regulations do not make sense in the 21st century, let alone for onchain markets. And yeah, we can clearly see the shift happening in real time. It is now so important to focus on what's going on in the US. We even have over here from Narashi. The last 24 hours the SEC approves in kind creates and redeems for spot bitcoin and ethereum ETFs. The NYSE and SIBOE file for framework to list crypto ETFs. The White House working to usher in golden age of crypto. The SEC, the NYSE, the CBOE and White House all working on crypto. Everyone now paying attention because we are witnessing the shift. It's all ch everything has changed in just the last 24 hours. We are now in the crypto age in the US and these types of projects XRP, HAR, Onondo, XLM, Algo, Q& future. Just like I said, we are now in those days where if you look back in five or 10 years, we are going to say that's the time and that's the year where everything changed. We are about to go into overdrive around adoption, integration, and acceptance of this technology that will lead to utilization at scale. Everything is changing. Now is the best time to be locked in. So with that being said, I hope that you guys enjoyed this video. If you guys definitely leave a like, subscribe, notifications on because more free content. You guys are more than welcome to follow me on Twitter and join the free Discord in description below. And with that being said, guys, this has been Nick. Thanks for watching. Peace out.